
Variable  |  Data class  | Description   
  --- | --- | ---     
subjectId | integer | The subject in question's unique identifier
activity | character | A description of the activity the user was undertaking when these measurements were made. Includes `laying` / `sitting` / `standing` / `walking` / `walking downstairs` / `walking upstairs`.   
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook   
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as gdefined in the original data's codebook   
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAcc-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAccMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tGravityAccMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-std()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq() | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(X,gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(Y,gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook
angle(Z,gravityMean) | numeric | A mean of the relevant variable as defined in the original data's codebook